-What is your name?
-Welcome, _. Confused about why you're here? You're probably feeling pretty hazy. You're a successful venture capitalist with amnesia. I'm here to remind you of the details of your life as you navigate the day ahead.
-You live in PDX, its {date}. You're on the hunt for your next venture.

(Wait? How do you know all of this?)

-I'm H@Z3, an artificially intelligent bot you acquired for an undisclosed sum. Don't worry about the details.

(Ummm. Alright, I guess. So what am I supposed to do next?)

-Great question. Well, right now you're at Belmont Station. You polished off a whole keg after your last conference call and are just coming to. We could: 1. keep drinking. 2. You have a 10 am meeting that you could show up for.

node: meeting
text: "Great. It's 9:59 so let's get going. How would you like to get downtown?"
options: Tesla, Scooter, The Bus.

node: tesla
text: "No no, you're still drunk and autopilot isn't that advanced. You have to take a lyft."
options: Lyft

node: scooter
text: "Sounds reckless. You don't have a helmet but you already have amnesia, so I calculate the risk to be low."
options: This is fun, ditch the meeting and keep riding, Scoot as fast as possible, Be cautious

node: bus
text: "Smart choice. Public transportation is very efficient, you made it to the meeting on time"
options: Great idea! Invest, This product is terrible, belittle the founders

node: invest
text: "Hmm, you must still be drunk. The share prices are in a freefall. You're bankrupt."
options: Become a hobo, Become a budtender, meteorologist,

node: hobo-ending
text: "Great choice, Portland's temperate climate is comfortable for tent-living year round in one of Portland's many beautiful city parks. Don't mind the rain."

node: bud-ending
text: "You spend the rest of your days in a smokey haze, but the weed's effect on short-term memory ain't got ya down."

node: weather-ending
text: "Wow. Turns out Meteorology is your true calling. Venture capital was slowly killing you inside. Enjoy years of fullfillment"
